Custom search visibility limit name search (#1086)
wireapp/wire-server: docs/reference/config-options.md

`disabled-by-default`, LegalHold devices may still be active in teams
that have created them while it was allowed.  This may change in the
future.

> ### Custom Search Visibility

Reviewer: I don't understand what "customer search visibility" means, what are the effects when this is enabled or disabled? Who can see what when searching if this is enabled or disabled? Could you please describe this? (also, naming wise, "custom search visibility" doesn't give much idea on what this is about).

Author: Hmmm, I guess it's "clear" that this is confusing. This is only meant to allow the team to set a specific value, i.e., one of [these](https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server/blob/custom-search-visibility-limit-name-search/libs/galley-types/src/Galley/Types/Teams/SearchVisibility.hs#L28).

Author: Would it be more clear if named something like: `allowChangingSearchVisibility`?

Reviewer 2: Why do we need this feature flag?

Reviewer 3: > Why do we need this feature flag?

I suppose we could just go with making this configurable in every team, and not have a flag that turns this off i `galley.yaml`.  But I think there was a reason for this.  @tiago-loureiro ?

This sets the default setting for all teams, and can be overridden by
customer support / backoffice. [Allowed
values](https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server/blob/custom-search-visibility-limit-name-search/libs/galley-types/src/Galley/Types/Teams.hs#L382-L385):

> `disabled-by-default`, `enabled-by-default`.

Reviewer: CustomSearchVisibilityType has clearer semantics - can you use clearer semantics also at the config level? If we add another setting with different logic, then "disabled" and "enabled" doesn't make sense anymore.

Author: This is only for enabling/disabling the feature, not to set any value which is why it follows the logic behind the other feature flags. I.e., you may turn this feature on/off using the backoffice but the actual value itself is to be set independently (a bit like SSO and Legahold with settings).

`disabled-by-default`, LegalHold devices may still be active in teams
that have created them while it was allowed.  This may change in the
future.

### Team Search Visibility

> Is a team allowed to change its team search visibility settings?  If a
> team is enabled, it can be configured so other teams are completely
> invisible for search.

Author: ```suggestion
Is a team allowed to change its team search visibility settings? If enabled
for the team, it can be configured so that non team users do not show up in search.
```
